Add missing builder option (#466)
Consensys/doc.teku: docs/reference/cli/index.md

The address for an external [builder endpoint](../../how-to/configure/builder-network.md).

### builder-set-user-agent-header

<!--tabs-->

# Syntax

```bash
--builder-set-user-agent-header[=<BOOLEAN>]
```

# Example

```bash
--builder-set-user-agent-header=true
```

# Environment variable

```bash
TEKU_BUILDER_SET_USER_AGENT_HEADER=true
```

# Configuration file

```bash
builder-set-user-agent-header: true
```

<!--/tabs-->

> Set User-Agent header to teku/v&lt;version&gt; (e.g. teku/v23.4.0) when making a builder bid request to help builders identify clients and versions. The default is `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set the User-Agent header to `teku/v<version>` (for example, `teku/v23.4.0`) when making a builder bid request to help builders identify clients and versions. The default is `true`.
```
